DOCS-5475 update /javascript/clerk/clerk (#763)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk.mdx

This is the main entrypoint class for the `@clerk/clerk-js` package. It contains a number of methods and properties for interacting with the Clerk API.

> ## `Clerk` properties

Reviewer: Any specific reason for this? For a sec I thought this would help with search, but actually if I search "clerk properties" in prod I get this:
![image](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/assets/5156915/814823a6-25d1-4128-980e-4f5e63ddf601)

So I think adding `Clerk` here is redundant

Author: Okay I'll remove it!

| `publishableKey` | `string \| undefined` | The publishable key from your Clerk Dashboard, used to connect to Clerk |

## `Clerk` methods

### `addListener()`

Registers a listener that triggers a callback whenever a change in the [`Client`][client-ref], [`Session`][session-ref], or [`User`][user-ref] object occurs. This method is primarily used to build frontend SDKs like [`@clerk/clerk-react`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@clerk/clerk-react).

```typescript
function addListener(listener: ((emission: Resources) => void)): UnsubscribeCallback;
```

#### `Resources`

| Name | Type |
| --- | --- |
| `client` | [`Client`][client-ref] |
| `session` | [`Session`][session-ref] \| `null` \| `undefined` |
| `user` | [`User`][user-ref] \| `null` \| `undefined` |
| `organization` | [`Organization`][organization-ref] \| `null` \| `undefined` |
| `lastOrganizationInvitation` | [`OrganizationInvitation`](/docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation) \| `null` \| `undefined` |
| `lastOrganizationMember` | [`OrganizationMembership`](/docs/references/javascript/organization-membership) \| `null` \| `undefined` |

<Callout>

>   Please note that the `Session` and `User` object have a special relationship that the type definition alone does not capture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the following about `User` and `Session`:

```

    - When there is an active session, `user === session.user`. When there is no active session, `User` and `Session` will both be `null`.
    - When a session is loading, `User` and `Session` will be `undefined`.
</Callout>

#### `addListener()` returns

The `addListener` method returns an `UnsubscribeCallback` function that can be used to remove the listener from the `Clerk` object.

```typescript
type UnsubscribeCallback = () => void;
```

### `authenticateWithMetamask()`

```typescript
function authenticateWithMetamask({
  redirectUrl,
  signUpContinueUrl,
  customNavigate,
}?: AuthenticateWithMetamaskParams): Promise<void>;
```

#### `AuthenticateWithMetamaskParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `redirectUrl?` | `string \| undefined` | Full URL or path to navigate after successful sign in or sign up. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `redirectUrl?` | `string \| undefined` | Full URL or path to navigate to after successful sign in or sign up. |

```

| `signUpContinueUrl?` | `string \| undefined` | The location to continue navigation to in the sign up process if data is missing. |

> | `customNavigate?` | `((to: string) => Promise<unknown> \| unknown) \| undefined` | Allows you to define a custom navigation function |

Reviewer: Probably out of scope of this PR but would love a little indication as to why you'd want to define a custom navigation function, similar to how we explain `signUpContinueUrl` is for if data is missing

Author: Ooo can you add a Linear ticket for that!

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `proxyUrl?` | `never \| string \| ((url: URL) => string)` | The proxy URL used to connect to Clerk. If a function, will be called with a `URL` made from `window.location.href` |
| `domain?` | `never \| string \| ((url: URL) => string)` | The domain used to connect to Clerk. If a function, will be called with a `URL` made from `window.location.href` |

### `load()`

Initializes the `Clerk` object and loads all necessary environment configuration and instance settings from the [Frontend API](https://clerk.com/docs/reference/frontend-api).

> It is absolutely necessary to call this method before using the `Clerk` object in your code. Refer to the [ClerkJS installation](/docs/quickstarts/javascript) guide for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="warning">
It is absolutely necessary to call this method before using the `Clerk` object in your code. Refer to the [ClerkJS installation](/docs/quickstarts/javascript) guide for more details.
</Callout>
```

### `signOut()`

> Signs out the active user from all sessions in a [multi-session application](/docs/custom-flows/multi-session-applications), or simply the current session in a single-session context. The current client will be deleted. You can specify a specific session to sign out by passing the `sessionId` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a [multi-session application](/docs/custom-flows/multi-session-applications): Signs out the active user from all sessions
- In a single-session context: Signs out the active user of the current session
 
The current client will be deleted. You can specify a specific session to sign out by passing the `sessionId` parameter.
```
